So appliques pretty great at this point in time.
I think there's just one last thing we need to do.
We need to make sure that the buttons text gets changed to something more reasonable then click me.
So we could just change the text to something like by now inside of our button component.
Right now here is the hard coded click me.
But if we just change it to.
By now we're still kind of defeating the purpose of making a reusable button component.
So I feel like this would be a great opportunity to pass and the text Jones shown have this button as
a prop to the button.
Now there's two ways you could do this.
We can either add any prop just like the on Press one of maybe something like you know text and it should
say like by now that would be one approach.
The second approach I think might be a little bit you know more fun with the button component.
You know something like this is to use that same prop stock children trick that we saw earlier.
So let's do that instead.
If you recall we expand out the button tag and then pass some text directly in here.
We can then get a reference to this text as props start children inside of the button component.
So now we can go back over to our button and replace clickety with a reference to Propst children.
So notice that I don't have a prop's object or argument here I'm destruction of the arguments list.
So I will just restructure out children as well.
And then in place of click any place children call.
So let's give this a test.
And now we've got a much more reasonable by now on our buttons.
Perfect.
So again this is just a step to make sure that we've got a truly reusable component.
Our button tag right now is 100 percent reusable.
All over the place it is not tied to the implementation of the card section.
And in fact there is absolutely no reference in here whatsoever to any type of album or you Arel or
artist name or anything like that.
So we can definitely make reuse of this in future applications as well.
OK.
So I think that's just about it for our first application.
I got to tell you I'm really happy with how this thing looks.
I think it looks really professional.
So let's take a little minute in the next section to do a wrap up on all the topics that we spoke about